{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs32\b AI Prompts and Reflection for Unit #2 Project\b0\par
\par
\fs28\b Website Used\b0\par
\fs24 Canva\par
\par
\fs28\b Prompts Used\b0\par
\fs24 1. Create a clean, organized academic infographic for post-secondary students titled "Addiction and Drug Abuse: How Addiction Changes the Brain." Include sections on what addiction is, how it changes the brain, dependence, withdrawal, tolerance, risk factors, stigma, and APA references. Use inclusive, non-stigmatizing language and a professional, easy-to-read visual style.\par
\par
2. Create a highly polished, clean, organized vertical infographic using source material about addiction and drug abuse. Keep the content academically appropriate for post-secondary students. Explain dopamine, reward pathways, dependence, withdrawal, tolerance, genetics, environment, development, and stigma. Include an APA-style references section and use a modern, visually appealing layout that is clear and not cluttered.\par
\par
\fs28\b Reflection on Using Generative AI\b0\par
\fs24 Using generative AI helped me organize my ideas and turn my research into a cleaner, more visually appealing poster. It was especially useful for suggesting layout, headings, and ways to simplify information for a student audience. However, I still had to check the information carefully, decide what content fit my topic best, and make sure the final poster matched the assignment instructions and rubric. This experience showed me that AI can be a helpful support tool, but it should not replace my own judgment, editing, or responsibility for accuracy.\par
\par
\fs28\b Ethical Use Statement\b0\par
\fs24 Generative AI was used as a design and drafting support tool for this project. The final work was reviewed, edited, and checked against course sources before submission.\par
}
